Introduce Role Filtering API to AuthServer CRD Identity Providers (#5)
ddubson/docs-tap: app-sso/getting-started/appsso-overview.hbs.md

```json
{
	"iss": "https://appsso.example.com",
	"sub": "213435498y",
	"aud": "my-client",
	"nonce": "fkg0-90_mg",
	"exp": 1656929172,
	"iat": 1656928872,
	"name": "Jane Doe",
	"given_name": "Jane",
	"family_name": "Doe",
	"email": "jane.doe@example.com",
	"roles": [
		"developer",
		"org-user"
	]
}
```

> > **Note** `roles` claim is only part of an `id_token` when user roles are mapped. More info on mapping for

Reviewer: `roles` are only present if they exist *and* the `roles` scope was requested in the authorization request.

```suggestion
> **Note** `roles` claim can only be part of an `id_token` when user roles are mapped. More info on mapping for
```
